# CS255-System-Analyis-and-Design

	For this project we were working for a company called DriverPass.  This company realized that there was a void in the market when it came to driver education and training.  What they wanted us to do was to design a system to handle some of their operations. I chose to focus on the reservation system although there were many other areas of the system that we could have designed.  
	I feel I started out well with the analysis of their needs and requirements. I think I did get a little overwhelmed when it came time for the actual design.  I do feel like I could have done a better job with the diagrams and the design itself.  To improve this, I wish I had a little bit more time to dedicate to my course work this term, but I was also taking discrete math which was giving me problems.  I think I could make more detailed diagrams, possibly fleshing out more areas of the system and going over the interview transcript a few more times.
	When I was interpreting the needs of the users, I would read transcript of the interview and write down in basic English what they wanted as close to as it was written.  I would then try to figure out how the flow of the data would go through the system.  After developing the workflow, I would then try to see what data was needed to move through the system.  Once that was established, I would try to see how all the data was related to each other to build an entity relationship diagram which would wind up being our classes in the system.  
	When approaching software from a design perspective I try to figure out what problems I am trying to solve.  Once the main problem has been identified I will try to look for solutions to that problem. Once a solution was identified I would then try to break that problem down into all the steps needed to get us to the finish line.  When approaching this I tend to like building diagrams for the workflows and the data relationships.  I also like to take notes while going over the needs of the users so that I can make sure I can deliver what they are looking for.  All of this leads to that documentation is key to software development and I feel the more documentation I can provide to the users and myself during the design process will make a better product.

Dan Kleiner
